Adds step 5-app-infra (#382)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 5-app-infra/README.md

# 5-app-infra

> The purpose of this step is to set up an example app, deploying a Compute Engine instance in one of the business unit created on step 4-projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this step is to deploy an example Compute Engine instance in one of the business unit projects using the infra pipeline setup in 4-projects.
```

> This Compute Engine instance will be created using the base network created during step 3-networks to acess private services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Compute Engine instance will be created using the base network created during step 3-networks to access private services.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a short blurb on how deployment in 5-app-infra in general works?
i.e we push to repo created in 4-projects, CB SA can impersonate project SA based on https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/3c62c9e47961142ecd0d67ff6dea4e153cb541fc/4-projects/business_unit_1/development/example_base_shared_vpc_project.tf#L31-L32 etc

## Prerequisites

1. 0-bootstrap executed successfully.
1. 1-org executed successfully.
1. 2-environments executed successfully.

> 1. 3-projects executed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. 3-networks executed successfully.
1. 4-projects executed successfully.
```

## Usage

> ### Run terraform locally

Reviewer: Will we be adding CB instructions by pushing [here](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/3c62c9e47961142ecd0d67ff6dea4e153cb541fc/4-projects/business_unit_1/shared/example_infra_pipeline.tf#L43) in a follow up?

Author: Yes

> 1. Change into 4-projects folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change into 5-app-infra folder.
```

# 5-app-infra

The purpose of this step is to deploy an example of usage, a simple [Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/) instance will be created in one of the business unit projects using the infra pipeline setup in 4-projects.

> The infra pipeline created on step 4-projects, have a project with a [Cloudbuild](https://cloud.google.com/build/docs) pipeline configured to plan and deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The infra pipeline is created in step 4-projects within the shared env and has a [Cloudbuild](https://cloud.google.com/build/docs) pipeline configured to manage infrastructure within projects. To enable deployment via this pipeline, the projects deployed should [enable](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/4-projects/business_unit_1/development/example_base_shared_vpc_project.tf#L31-L32) `enable_cloudbuild_deploy` flag and provide the Cloud Build service account value via`cloudbuild_sa`. 

This enables the Cloud Build service account to impersonate the project service account and use it to deploy infrastructure. The roles required for project SA can also be [managed](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/4-projects/business_unit_1/development/example_base_shared_vpc_project.tf#L30) via `sa_roles`. (Note: This requires per project SA impersonation, if you would like to have a single SA managing an environment and all associated projects, that is also possible by [granting](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/4-projects/modules/single_project/main.tf#L62-L68) `roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator` to an SA with the right roles in `4-projects/env`
```

> a terraform code. There is also a [Source Repository](https://cloud.google.com/source-repositories) to push the code to be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

There is also a [Source Repository](https://cloud.google.com/source-repositories) configured with build triggers similar to [foundation pipeline](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation#0-bootstrap) setup in `0-bootstrap`.
```
